docs: add developing environment plugins guide (#3265)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/plugins/dev/index.mdx

[rsbuild-plugin-template](https://github.com/rspack-contrib/rsbuild-plugin-template) is a minimal Rsbuild plugin template repository that you can use as a basis for developing your Rsbuild plugin.

### Environment Plugin

Rsbuild supports building outputs for multiple environments at the same time, and supports [add plugins for specified environment](/guide/advanced/environments#add-plugins-for-specified-environment).

If you want the plugin you develop to support use as an Environment plugin, you need to pay attention to the following points:

> 1. The environment configuration is not equal to the rsbuild configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Each environment has its own Rsbuild config:
```

Reviewer: make it more clear

   - Use [environment context](/guide/advanced/environments#environment-context) instead of `getRsbuildConfig` to get environment information.

>    - When modifying a specific environment configuration, use [modifyEnvironmentConfig](/plugins/dev/hooks#modifyenvironmentconfig) instead of [modifyRsbuildConfig](/plugins/dev/hooks#modifyrsbuildconfig) (to avoid affecting other environments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When modifying the Rsbuild config for a specific environment, prioritize using [modifyEnvironmentConfig](/plugins/dev/hooks#modifyenvironmentconfig) instead of [modifyRsbuildConfig](/plugins/dev/hooks#modifyrsbuildconfig) to avoid affecting other environments.
```
